README updates (#243)
huggingface/ratchet: README.md

<br>
</div>

We are on a mission to bring fast, cross platform GPU accelerated inference on native + browser.

> [!NOTE]  

> > Ratchet is currently in active development. We are working on making it more stable and adding more models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Ratchet is currently in active development. We are working on the engine, adding more models and improving compatibility. Please, reach out if you want to help!
```
